List of examples of cross-cultural misunderstandings

In China people pronounced ‘Benz’ in Mercedes - Benz in a different way than European, and in China language it means «Rush to the death».  Certainly, nobody wanted to buy such cars. 	
Gerber (a brand of baby milk) didn't sell well in South America because in Spanish, witch is native for most of South Americans, ‘Gerber’ means to vomit. 
One enthusiastic web-designer  found a picture for a main screen of the website of a product, that they were going to sell in Asia and Arabic countries.  A significant part of this picture was occupied by a feet image. Feet are supposed to be unclean and offensive in Asia and Arabic cultures.
For every human in Europe swastika without any alternative associated with Hitler, Nazism, and horrors of WWII. But for Indians it is just an ancient symbol of fertility.
This timely review provides a self-contained introduction to the mathematical theory of stationary black holes and a self consistent exposition of the corresponding uniqueness theorems.
The opening chapters examine the general properties of space- times admitting Killing fields and contain a detailed derivation of the Kerr Newman metric. Strong emphasis is given to the geometrical concepts. The general features of stationary black holes and the laws of black hole mechanics are then reviewed. Subsequently, critical steps towards the proof of the 'no hair' theorem are discussed, including the methods used by Israel, the divergence formulae derived by Carter, Robinson and others, and finally the sigma model identities and the positive mass theorem. The book is rounded offwith an extension of the electrovacuum uniqueness theorem to self-gravitating scalar fields and harmonic mappings.
This volume provides a rigorous textbook for graduate students in physics and mathematics. It also offers an invaluable, up-to-date reference for researchers in mathematical physics, general relativity and astrophysics.
I would like to acknowledge discussions with many colleagues. 
In particular, I wish to thank Robert Wald, Jürgen Ehlers and the Relativity Groups at the Enrico Fermi Institute in Chicago, the Max-Planck-Institute in Munich and the University of Zurich.
 I am very grateful to Piotr Chrusciel for pointing out weak parts in the draft and providing me with the appropriate amendments. I owe especial thanks to Vivek Iyer for having read critically the manuscript and helping me to improve the style of this book with numerous valuable suggestions. 
Finally, I am particularly indebted lo Norbert Straumann for many instructive discussions, his con- tinuous support during the years a
